What I want:

Cantrips:
Booming Blade, Green Flame Blade, Mage Hand, Message?, True Strike?

Level 1:
Shield, Absorb Elements, Protection from Good and Evil, Sleep, Detect Magic?, Identify?, Mage Armor?, Thunderwave?


Level 2:
Misty Step, Shadow Blade, Vortex Warp!, Scorching Ray / Tasha's Mind Whip, Invisibility?, Web?

Spellbook (3rd Lvl Wizzard):
Level 1: 8 (6+2)
Shield, Absorb Elements, Protection from Good and Evil, Sleep, Detect Magic, Identify, Mage Armor, Thunderwave
+ Charm person (magic initiate - Druid)

Level 2: 2 (0+2)
Misty Step, Shadow Blade

Cantrips:
Booming Blade, Green Flame Blade, Mage Hand

Prepared Spells (3rd Lvl Wizzard):
6: Shield, Absorb Elements, Sleep, Thunderwave, Misty Step, Shadow Blade, + Charm person (magic initiate - Druid)

Promt:
Ok so I have leveld up to Lvl 4 in the last session and I want to update my Character. Since my first lvl fighter dip, all concecutive lvls will be put into wizzard and the baldsinger subclass. (Lvl 1 fighter, Lvl 3 wizzard). Lets Make the relevant changes:
HP: I get + 3 x d6 (I take the average 4)  HP die plus const modifier.
I get wiizerd class features up to lvl 3:
Spellcasting, Ritual Adept, Arcane recovery, Scholar
And the bladsinger subclass with:
TRAINING IN WAR AND SONG
2nd-level Bladesinging feature
You gain proficiency with light armor, and you gain
proficiency with one type of one-handed melee
weapon of your choice. (Does not matter since I am Fighter Lvl 1)
You also gain proficiency in the Performance skill
if you don't already have it.
BLADE SONG
2nd-level Bladesinging feature
You can invoke an elven magic called the
Bladesong, provided that you aren't wearing medium or heavy armor or using a shield. It graces you
with supernatural speed, agility, and focus.
You can use a bonus action to start the Bladesong,
which lasts for 1 minute. It ends early if you are incapacitated, if you don medium or heavy armor or
a shield, or if you use two hands to make an attack
with a weapon. You can also dismiss the Bladesong
at any time (no action required).
While your Bladesong is active, you gain the following benefits:

You gain a bonus to your AC equal to your Intelligence modifier (minimum of +1).
• Your walking speed increases by 10 feet.
• You have advantage on Dexterity (Acrobatics) checks.
• You gain a bonus to any Constitution saving throw
you make to maintain your concentration on a
spell. The bonus equals your Intelligence modifier
(minimum of + 1).
You can use this feature a number of times equal
to your proficiency bonus, and you regain all expended uses of it when you finish a long rest.

I take Investigation Prof for the Scholar trait.

For my Spellbook I take:
Spellbook (3rd Lvl Wizzard):
Level 1: 8 (6+2)
Shield, Absorb Elements, Protection from Good and Evil, Sleep, Detect Magic, Identify, Mage Armor, Thunderwave
+ Charm person (magic initiate - Druid)

Level 2: 2 (0+2)
Misty Step, Shadow Blade

Cantrips:
Booming Blade, Green Flame Blade, Mage Hand

Prepared Spells (3rd Lvl Wizzard):
6: Shield, Absorb Elements, Sleep, Thunderwave, Misty Step, Shadow Blade, + Charm person (magic initiate - Druid)

My Prof Bonus would still be +2


Lets Adjust the @character_data.json in this respect and also add the Baldesong to the Actions submenue. On the right hand side of the actions submenue also add a Ui box which indicates how many uses of baldesong I have left (Prof bonus) simmilar to spell slots in the Spells submenue. Baldesing should have an activate button, that turns into a deactivate button when pressed. While baldesong is active, add the bonus to const saves, increase my AC and make a little ui element next to my AC (right) to show that bladesong is active.

Also in my spells submeneue, add all the spells from my spellbook, but on each button (spell) add a indicator like the advantage indicator for rolls, that I can click on to prepare the spells. This should stay permanent until I click it to unprepare the spell. Add an inidcator of how many spells I have prepared (y/x) below my spell slots where x is the currently prepared spells and y is the maximum for my wizzard level. Don't forget that charm person is always prepared and does not count towards the number of prepared spells (magic initiate). 
